Private CA flag deprecated (#3304)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/partials/embedded-cluster/_deprecated-private-ca.mdx

:::note

> The `--private-ca` flag is deprecated. In Embedded Cluster 2.6.0 and later, it is no longer necessary to provide the path to the CA with the `--private-ca` flag because Embedded Cluster automatically honors all CAs that are trusted by the host operating system. For more information, see [PrivateCACert](/reference/template-functions-static-context#privatecacert) in _Static Context_. If you pass the `--private-ca` flag with the install command, the flag is not used and a deprecation message is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--private-ca` flag is deprecated. In Embedded Cluster 2.6.0 and later, it is no longer necessary to provide the path to a certificate authority (CA) with the `--private-ca` flag because Embedded Cluster automatically uses all CAs that are trusted by the host operating system. For more information, see [PrivateCACert](/reference/template-functions-static-context#privatecacert) in _Static Context_. If you pass the `--private-ca` flag with the install command, the flag is not used and a deprecation message is displayed.
```

Reviewer: the `PrivateCACert` function is useful if your application containers make network requests and need to trust the CAs too. so i wouldn't say "for more information," but rather something like "to use these CAs in your application containers."
